Add instructions for updating lts vs main docs. (#11835)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/README.md

## Tasks

### (Temporary) Updating LTS Docs

> As we start to break apart the binary, we have to work through a temporary phase where some users will need the 0.26 binary docs and some will need the distributed-mode docs. For now, https://materialize.com/docs/ is the binary and https://materialize.com/docs/unstable/ is distributed mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we start to break apart the binary, we have to work through a temporary phase where users of `v0.26 LTS` (or lower) shouldn't be exposed to documentation changes related to the new features landing in `main`, to avoid confusion. #11795 updated the docs deployment process to use two different branches: 

* `lts-docs`: capturing the state of the docs at `v0.26 LTS`, deploying to `https://materialize.com/docs/`
* `main`: ongoing development branch, deploying to `https://materialize.com/docs/unstable/`
```

> #### Shipping updates to Unstable Docs

Reviewer: Shouldn't we always open the PRs against `main` and then backport if it _also_ applies to `lts-docs`? If so, we could cut this section out, but I could be missing some scenarios you thought of!

Author: I figure there might be some edge cases as we get closer and start rewriting high-level pages and quick starts. Like where `main` is rewritten and then we find a typo in `lts-docs`

Reviewer: 👍

PR's to materialize/main will trigger new builds of materialize.com/docs/unstable/. Deploy docs updates to unstable if:

1. The change applies to both LTS and Unstable _(e.g. if you're correcting a typo on the postgres source page)_
2. The change only applies to Unstable

#### Shipping updates to LTS Docs

> To update materialize.com/docs you need to merge a PR to the `lts-docs` branch. Typically this will follow a PR to unstable, in which case the process is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update `materialize.com/docs`, you need to merge a PR to the `lts-docs` branch (typically, following a PR to `main`) to backport the changes, in which case the process is:
```

> 1. Create a new branch on your fork that references lts-docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new branch on your fork that references `lts-docs`.
```

   ```
   git checkout -b my-branch-name lts-docs
   ```

> 2. Cherry-pick the commit from main with the changes you need, or just make the necessary changes as you would normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Cherry-pick the commit from `main` with the changes you need, or just make the necessary changes as you would normally.
```

   ```
   git cherry-pick COMMIT-SHA-FROM-MAIN
   ```

> 4. Push your branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Push your branch.
```

   ```
   git push
   ```

> 5. Open a PR - if this was a cherry-picked commit that has already been reviewed, approved and merged to main you can just merge it once CI turns green. If it has conflicts or it is a unique PR for `lts-docs` then you'll need a review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open a PR - if this was a cherry-picked commit that has already been reviewed, approved and merged to `main`, you can just merge it once CI turns green. If it has conflicts or it is a unique PR for `lts-docs`, then you'll need a review.
```

## Tasks

### (Temporary) Updating LTS Docs

> As we start to break apart the binary, we have to work through a temporary phase where users of `v0.26 LTS` (or lower) shouldn't be exposed to documentation changes related to the new features landing in `main`, to avoid confusion. #11795 updated the docs deployment process to use two different branches: 

Author: ```suggestion
As we start to break apart the binary, we have to work through a temporary phase where users of `v0.26 LTS` (or lower) shouldn't be exposed to documentation changes related to the new features landing in `main`, to avoid confusion. #11795 updated the docs deployment process to use two different branches:
```
